# fine
## A fine Library. 

`fine` is a library for doing linear algebra calculations in 3D space.

It includes a series of primitives and more complex objects for performing a variety of useful calculations.

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Limitations](#limitations)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [Why Fine?](#why-fine)


## Getting Started

to use `fine`, install it using `yarn` or `npm`

```bash
yarn add @digitalbridge/fine
```

and import it into your project

```typescript
import { Vector } from '@digitalbridge/fine';

const v = new Vector(3, [1, 2, 3]);
```

## Documentation

`fine`'s [documentation](./docs/index.md) describes the objects available for use. `fine`'s API documentation is generated by [typedoc](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc). We're still working on a documentation site, but you can build API documentation locally using `yarn build:docs`.

## Limitations

There are some limitations around the `SquareMatrix` class. `fine` is currently unable to find the `inverse` or the `determinant` of a `SquareMatrix` other than for `2x2` or `3x3` Matrices. If you're able to contribute a fix to this issue, that would be wonderful!

## Contributing

We welcome contributions, through issues or pull requests! We made this library to help with our in-browser 3D maths needs, so if you need it to do more then feel free to make a contribution. Our [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file contains all the information you'll  need to get involved. 

## License

`fine` is released under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

## Code of Conduct

`fine` has a Code of Conduct for contributors, see [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). You can read more about it at the [contributor covenant website](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/).

## Why Fine?

It was a silly pun about `affine transformations`. It seemed better than `linear-algebra.ts`
